c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\KSUAdvising.dll.config
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\KSUAdvising.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\KSUAdvising.pdb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\obj\Release\KSUAdvising.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\obj\Release\KSUAdvising.pdb
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\obj\Release\KSUAdvising.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KSUAdvising\KSUAdvising\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
